well Southern Israel has been hit with
the largest number of rockets this week
aler Stephanie deer has been traveling
to towns near the border with
Gaza just as we were driving into
ashalon uh rocket barrage Sirens
sounding this has been the situation
here for the last
week a lot of interceptions today lot of
no
no how oh my God more Rockets constantly
a bit to the South but constantly uh now
in ashalon being fired from
Gaza been intercepted by the Iron
Dome yeah you can hear the
interception they've closed this entire
area there's some security incident um
of whatever it's unclear what's
happening but they're making us go
around we didn't know at the time who
was in this Convoy we were very close to
the border with Gaza and later it became
clear it was the Prime Minister himself
Benjamin Netanyahu visiting soldiers and
telling them the next stage is
coming we've just stopped on the side of
the road as we saw a massive air strike
just hit the north of the Gaza Strip
This Is Right the very North End of the
border with
Israel Stephanie deer aljazera on the
outskirts of Gaza